An extraordinarily open and unique picture of Karel Gott in Olga Špátová's documentary feature film
This unique film created by Olga Špátová will premier in Czech cinemas next spring.
"In mid-September last year, I received a phone call from Ivanka and Karel Gott who asked me whether, after ten years, I would consider making another documentary about Karel's life. I didn't hesitate for a minute! I felt, and still feel, very honoured to work with a person who's managed to bask in the glory of the Czech cultural scene for over half a century, thanks to his exceptional singing talent, artistic modesty and immense diligence. I accepted the challenge to make a documentary feature about Karel Gott as a way to give back to this legendary singer, who has been bringing joy with his art to no less than three generations of listeners," film director Olga Špátová describes her feelings.
Thanks to our timely agreement and organization, the first day of shooting was as early as 22nd October last year, and the last scenes with Karel Gott were shot a few days ago. The aim has always been completely clear – to authentically capture Karel Gott, a phenomenal singer who is giving himself to his fans, a painter and, at the same time, a loving husband and father. A man who has been giving away joy with his songs to several generations for sixty years, not just in this country, but also in Europe, or rather across the entire world. A man who has found a way into the hearts and souls of his fans by simply being.
The film is not supposed to be a showcase of Karel Gott's undeniable fame and success. "This is the reason why we can't be comparing this film to my previous film, The Gott Phenomenon. They are both different. If nothing else, it's different in capturing another stage of Karel Gott's life, which will be very apparent in his personal, if not intimate, confession he gave us. This made us realize just what a legend we have had the privilege to work and spend time with, which really is quite indescribable," adds Olga Špátová.
